Add external links to docs (#5)
baba-beda/continuous-integration-travis: index.md

# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

---

> Welcome to our Documentation site. How about a visit to [GitHub Docs](https://help.github.com/setupgit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to our Documentation site. How about a visit to [GitHub Docs](https://help.github.com/articles/set-up-git/)
```
